# Keypad--Multiplexing
scan  the  4x4  keypad  and  transmit  the  corresponding ASCII character using the USART.Your program is intended to output the letter or the number that is pushed on the sixteen button keypad provided to you, based on which key is being pressed. The suggestion is that you set rows as output and columns as input. Thecode shall first set all rows  high  at  each  pass  and  then, go  one  row  at  a  time(setting  them  low),  checking  each column  in  that  row,  to  identify  which  button  is  pressed.  And  then  interpret  the  pressed  button based  on  the  pins  each  key  is  associated  with,  and  output  the  key’s  corresponding letter/number/symbol  on  theData  Visualizerconsoleprovided  in  the  Atmel  Studio.  The  codeshould run on an infinite loop, continually scanning for any button that is pushed. 
-My program task is to scan the 4x4 keypad and transmit the corresponding ASCII character using the USART. I assigned PD4, PD5,PD6,PD7 as an output while PB0,PB1,PB2 as inputs. 
-We start by setting all the output rows high and then one at a time we set each row to  low and check each corresponding column to see which is also low and low meaning like zero.  we're setting rows to  high using port statements but then when we're checking the call to see which is pulled, we're using pin statement 
-We also Set to Asynchronous USART mode, set up an 8 bit data frame & enable USART transmitter  like we did in the previous lab.Set UCSZ01 and UCSZ00 to '1' for 8 bit data frame and  set '0' to USBS for 1 bit Stop Bit. 

